Add missing websocket features to release note (#1098)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-release: release-notes/swan-lake-beta3-release-note.md

##### WebSocket Package
- Added OAuth2 JWT bearer grant type support for client

> - Introduce retry for WebSocket client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduced retrying for the WebSocket client
```

> - Introduce header annotation and query param binding support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduced the header annotation and query param binding support
```
